story recapped here today i'm going
to explain a fantasy film called miss
peregrine's home for peculiar children
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in sunny florida jake portman is a teenager
who feels like he lives a mundane life
he works at the local supermarket and is
constantly bullied by his peers the manager shelly
approaches him regarding a phone call waiting
for him she drives him to his grandfather abe
but he warns jake not to visit him that day
because it is dangerous over the phone abe
seems paranoid and frantic but this does not
bother jake as he knows that his grandfather
is diagnosed with dementia at the street of
abe's house jake and shelley spot a man with
white eyes in the middle of the road the man's
eyes are white and he gives off a menacing vibe
as they make it to the house he finds out that it
is wholly ransacked and abe is nowhere to be found
he alarmed shelly that someone broke in
so she goes back to the car to find a gun
in the nearby woods jake sees abe's flashlight
from a distance he comes toward it to investigate
and finds out that it is completely drenched in
blood he goes deeper into the woods and sees his
grandfather lying unconscious with his eyes
missing jake contacts 9-1-1 to ask for help
in the middle of the call abe grabs jake's
arm to warn him that he should go far away
before his last breath he tells jake to go to the
island and go to the loop of september 3rd 1943.
jake is very puzzled by his grandfather's
words but he promises to do as he says
anyway abe dies on the spot as shelley approaches
them a sinister looking creature emerges from
behind shelley shoots but it appears that nothing
is there and only jay can see it after the
traumatic incident jake goes to therapy for mental
assessment he explains to his therapist that he
is not sure if something is wrong with him the
whole situation of age death deeply confuses him
this takes a toll on his mental well-being he
recalls the time when abe told him fantastical
stories about encountering monsters and other
mythical creatures however jake's father frank was
not too keen on the stories that abe told whenever
abe told stories about a group home for children
managed by miss peregrine he also showed pictures
to jake according to abe he used to live in that
magical home every child in the house is unique
in their ways they possess strange abilities far
from human knowledge little jake asked dave
why he got sent to that island he explained
that it was because of monsters jake significantly
believed that he even shared them with his peers
because of this he became a laughingstock as
jake grew older he stopped believing abe's
stories his grandfather was deeply saddened
by this but understood everyone's doubts
while putting things in boxes frank tells jake
that while abe was a good grandfather he was not
a great husband and father after they drive home
jake's family and other relatives surprise him
for his birthday he does not seem thrilled
and it somewhat overwhelmed him negatively
instead of mingling with other people jake
heads straight to his room he is not entirely
free because his aunt enters and gives him a book
from abe the book is by ralph waldo emerson which
contains a postcard from miss peregrine welcoming
him to return her home is located in cairnham an
island situated in wales his parents consult dr
golon about going to the island she encourages
jake's parents to allow him to go there for
him to be able to separate reality from fantasy
also to properly have closure on abe's sudden
death on the ferry jake and frank spot a peregrine
bird just above them in abe's stories he used to
say that miss peregrine could turn into a bird
remembering that jake jokingly shouts and
introduces himself to the bird as abe's grandson
they reach the island and a foggy and dull
atmosphere welcomes them both of them stay
at an old pub that also accommodates travelers
jake looks around the place as the owners arrive
it frightens him jay convinces his father
to let him go to the home of miss peregrine
both of them approach a group of youngsters to
ask if some of them could guide jake to the side
of the island that he wants to see they agree
as frank hands them some cash dylan and worm
his guides accompany jake to the place they
decide to take a shortcut the two make fun
of jake and point in the direction of the house
while they wait by the road finally he sees the
house and finds out that it is already in ruins he
returns to the pub disappointed auggie a blind man
explains to jake that the germans actually bombed
the house on september 3 1943. he continues to say
that none of the children survived including miss
peregrine the following day jake asked permission
from his father if he could go and hang out with
the teenagers he met yesterday his father agrees
and thinks that it is a fantastic idea given
that jake lacks friends but jake heads to the
children's home instead he looks at the pictures
covered in dirt and examines the area even more
he sees a staircase and decides to go upstairs out
of nowhere he sees a silhouette of a young lady
she calls him abe this shocks jake making him
run downstairs he starts to notice other children
peeking at him jake dashes out of the house
but he trips and falls unconscious he wakes up
to find himself being carried by bronwyn a little
girl with incredible strength he then meets other
children that abe told him about emma the girl
who levitates unless she wears metal shoes two
masked twins olive the girl who can control fire
with her mind bronwyn the one who lifted him and
has superhuman strength and millard the invisible
boy jake accuses them of being dead but they deny
it he asks them if he's dead but they also say no
the children got into a cave where the portal is
located as he exits the cave he runs to the pub
where they checked in however it is now filled
with customers the pub manager does not let him go
upstairs where his staff are supposed to be jake
is puzzled by what is happening as customers of
the pub threaten him and conspire that he is a spy
out of nowhere plates and glasses of beer smash
the walls of the pub the peculiar children arrive
and intervene to rescue jake out of there he
quickly realized he is stuck in the 1943 loop for
now he sees warplanes overhead as the pub catches
fire because of olive they ride a carriage on the
way to the home and millard reveals that he is
the one who started throwing things at the pub
the three of them explained to jake that they
are stuck on the same day their loop when they
arrive at the home jake sees its original facade
full of life and vibrant many plants and flowers
surround the house jake is then brought to
meet miss peregrine herself she is a clever
and insightful woman who gives too much attention
to time it's because she has the power to control
and preserve it she shares her deepest condolences
to jake as they prepare for some cup of tea
by the garden jake meets more peculiar children
fiona the girl who can control plants claire
the girl with a mouth in the back of her head hugh
the boy with bees living in his body horus the boy
with prophetic dreams as they approach emma fiona
informs miss peregrine that police are knocking
at their door because of the pub incident jake
quickly defends the children by saying that they
only want to help him miss peregrine gives
them a timid smile and returns to the house
emma shows jaker ability but before that he
ties a rope around her waist she unbuckles her
metal shoes and starts levitating to put a baby
squirrel back in the tree jake pulls her down as
she wears her shoes again emma tells jake that
abe used to do it for her and called it his job
obviously she is deeply devastated by
abe's death and still has not moved on
in one of the rooms jake meets enoch the boy who
can bring the dead back to life for a brief time
he is the most intimidating among the children
he shows off this talent using two small skeletal
puppets with tiny hearts that fight each other
for a short moment jake watches as the two
puppets have a brawl emma helps jake get ready for
dinner by lending him a tie and fixing it for him
in the dining room enoch looks annoyed because
he is jealous of jake bee start to emerge into
the air because of hugh but he wears a hat
to prevent it the children ask jake what the
future looks like but miss peregrine interrupts by
saying that they should not talk about the future
they all continue to eat except for claire but
jake encourages her to be herself she smiles
and eats the food from behind her neck emma walks
out after enoch brings up even howe he left miss
peregrine receives a phone call from young abe
in the living room horace's dreams are projected
although it is primarily random his dreams also
predict the future they see a woman being wheeled
away by villainous men he dreams of emma and
jake sharing a kiss which makes miss peregrine
shut down the projector they all head outside for
the reset they are stuck on september 3rd 1943
during the world war ii raids moments before a
bomb would drop on the house and kill everyone
they wear a mask and look at the
planes overhead waiting for the bomb
before it could fall miss peregrine
sets the clock back to 24 hours earlier
they cannot live outside the loop or else their
years will catch up to them and they will die
emma brings jake back to the cave he shows her
what a phone is they take a picture together
meanwhile the bird then flies into the cave and
hits the wall emma brings it back to the home to
be treated jake walks back and sees his father
looking for him all around a farmer calls them
over to ask about his sheep who have all died
mysteriously they return to the room and jake
finds a letter that abe wrote to miss peregrine
which warns her about someone named mr baron and
tells miss avacet another headmistress of a home
peculiars to create a new loop as soon as possible
jake and frank head to the beach and meet
an ornithologist who researches rare birds
this discourages frank from taking photos of birds
and he decides to stay in the room to sleep this
gives jake a chance to sneak out miss peregrine is
treating the bird who is truly miss abbas the same
woman seen in horus's dream and an one brine just
like miss peregrine which gives them an ability
to turn into birds jake questions miss peregrine
about baron but she avoids giving answers he comes
across enoch and olive enoch brings jake over to
victor's room bronwyn's brother who was killed by
the same creature as abe his eyes are missing and
enoch reanimates him like a puppet to scare jake
he runs downstairs and sees the rest of the
children about to go for their daily walks
back in the home miss peregrine visits victor and
gives him a motherly hug even though he is now a
lifeless body emma takes jake to her secret
hideout which is a sunken ship deep beneath
the ocean jake thinks that emma would drown
but she didn't she blows him an air bubble so
he could breathe underwater and then blows
the water out of the ship the shipwreck is
now completely dry she brings out a box that even
trusted to her emma shows jake photos of palette
people including mr barron whom jake recognizes
as the man outside abe's house the night he died
she reveals that baron is the leader of bad
peculiars and he hunts down loops in order to kill
emma then tells jake that he belongs to the
peculiar world he denies it and says that he is
ordinary to convince him brings jake to watch miss
peregrine walk with her crossbow over by a spot
with a chalk outline of a creature she is trying
to hunt down the beast that killed victor a tall
eyeless monster similar to the one jake saw
in the woods emerges but it is only visible
to him miss peregrine shoots the gruesome
creature with an arrow and it falls perfectly
into the outline emma realizes that jake's
peculiarity is being able to see these monsters
back at the house emma brings miss peregrine
her book to explain who these creatures are
she reveals that baron and his cronies are
hologast a different group of peculiars that
hunt the good ones to live beyond the loops and
live forever she continues to tell that baron
performed an experiment using miss avacet because
of her powers but it backfired and turned him in
the other hollows into monsters they managed to
return to their human forms by consuming the eyes
of other peculiars especially the children the
more eyes they eat the more human-like they appear
this gives jake the realization that baron ate his
grandfather's eyes miss avacet awakens and has now
taken her human form afraid that baron will come
after the children miss peregrine decides it is
time to leave and find a new home in lope emma
and jake argue because he does not want to go
with them to another loop he decides to go back
through the portal jake returns by the beach and
finds frank worried sick auggie is found dead by
the rocks with his eyes missing as if something
attacked him jake realizes that he has to warn
the peculiars his father stops him and says that
it is dangerous to roam around when a lunatic is
at large however jake run into the cave and the
ornithologist follows him jake hears the man
and the man admits that he is also peculiar
he then takes the form and appearance of dr
golon before revealing himself to be barren
he introduces himself and continues to say that
he also saw jake at abe's home he turns his hand
into a blade and holds it to jake's throat to make
him do as he says while the peculiar children pack
their things to transfer to another loop baron
forces jake to take him to miss peregrine's home
miss peregrine opens the door and is
worried about the well-being of the children
baron comes in and orders the children to come
to him however the children only listen to miss
peregrine when she tells them to retreat for
their safety knowing that baron is waiting
for his hollow friend to go after them jake being
able to see them is their only hope for survival
miss peregrine sacrifices herself to come
with baron accordingly in exchange for the
children's safety miss peregrine bids goodbye
to the children dramatically she asks jake
to promise that he will do everything to look
after the children should anything happen to her
he nods and she turns into a bird so that
baron may catch her jake and miss avacet
take the lead and help keep the children hidden
in darkness when the hollows decide to show up
jake then answers the phone to hear a call from
young abe in 1943. abe does not know jake as he
has not met him yet jay takes the time to say he
wished he could have been a better grandson to him
as miss avacet instructs the children what to do
she is pulled through a wall by the hollow the
children shriek in fear jay guides the children to
safety and fights the hollow with miss peregrine's
crossbow the hollow enters but it attacks
enoch after he tries to do something about it
jake struggles to aim correctly the hollow throws
enoch around the room using its long tentacles
the children run to the attic as this happens
finally jake successfully shoots the hollow
down just before it gets enoch's eyes it continues
to follow them into the attic and bangs the door
they try to go out the window as fiona controls a
tree so they can take refuge in it while they are
at the roof the hollow enters the attic they make
it to the tree safely eventually the german plane
drops the bomb on the house killing the hollow
the loop then closes for good and the children
can never return to that home forever without
knowing what to do they head to the beach and
plan to leave the island all of the children
work together to raise emma's wrecked ship to the
surface so they may head over to blackpool where
there is another loop they use their strength and
abilities to revive the ship successfully it works
and they are set for the sale emma explains that
since this loop was created in january 2016 they
realize that they may prevent abe's death from
happening if they kill baron there they show the
map to the rest of the peculiars and explain how
timing is essential they are all in a race against
time they arrive at the pier of blackpool which
is a place that is very unfamiliar to them all of
them go through a haunted house where the hollows
are set to perform their experiment with miss
peregrine and other weinbrings jake and emma enter
the blackpool tower and try to lure some hollows
outside toward the pier emma unbuckles her shoes
to catch baron's attention and reveals that they
manage to kill the hollow that attack their home
they are successful at bringing the hollows to
the pier passersby are amazed to see emma levitate
she gets stuck in one of the cable wires a train
is about to approach jake pulls her and saves
her life one of the hollows following them gets
dragged by the train once the hollows reach the
pier the peculiar children fight back they throw
snowballs and cotton candy at the hollows so they
can be seen in broad daylight meanwhile enoch
brings some skeletons to life which chase the
hollows and start slaying and fighting them this
all happens while non-peculiar people can see them
the skeletons successfully bring multiple hollows
down in various ways bronwyn takes a horse off the
merry-go-round and throws it at a hollow throwing
him into the water people start panicking as they
exit the amusement park all of them head to the
blackpool tower in hopes of saving miss peregrine
the other children fight baron and his two
hollow friends emma blows a strong wind
toward baron while hugh lets bees out to attack
the other hollows the female hollow climbs the
bars and starts throwing knives at the children
as instructed by baron meanwhile enoch attacks
but baron manages to stop him olive also tries to
set him on fire but he knocks her down after jake
misses a shot with a crossbow bronwyn throws a
cinema chair at baron to distract him for a while
baron manages to take the crossbow as horus
tries to flash a bright light at him but fails
the male hollow tries to freeze and drown
bronwyn under a pool of water but fiona
stops him by throwing seeds at him in a moment it
sprouts finds that wrap around and strangles him
on the way to the weinbrins emma manages to bid
time by blowing a strong breeze toward baron again
olive tries to free bronwyn but the male hollow
starts to freeze olive up which is her weakness
enoch manages to bring an elephant puppet
to life and uses it to crush the hollow
the female hala tries to attack the younger
ones but she turns to stone after the twins
remove their masks and stare at her olive turns
frozen and ice cold enoch says his apologies for
not being able to protect her when it looks like
she's dead olive is revived in response to enoch
exhausted for giving out too much air emma stops
making baron able to function again jake frees
the wine brings and angers baron the birds fly
freely to find and create other loops to bring
the children to safety emma and enoch see jake
but baron also takes jake's form to trick them
now confused jake must prove that he is the real
one both of them take turns in talking one hollow
appears from behind jake is able to prove himself
when he spots the last hollow walking behind them
it attacks baron and eats his eyes thinking that
it was jake they managed to take the hollow down
using a crossbow the children then leave board
the ship to stay within their loop but jake
knows it means he cannot see them again one by
one the peculiars hug jake as they bid farewell
emma tries to console jake that they will be
safe now that baron is gone they hug each other
and emma leaves abe checks his phone as the peer
changes over time and as time loops upon returning
to florida jake goes by his grandfather's
house and realizes that he is still alive
he tells abe all about his experiences
with miss peregrine's home and the children
abe gives jake his birthday present the emerson
book it contains a lot of money for his journey
he persuades jake to go after the children as he
belongs there jake runs on the docks to catch up
to the children's ship he finds emma and explains
that he went through different loops in different
cities over different years he went to multiple
cities around the world to see her again she stops
and kisses him as he joins them on their travels
miss peregrine flies overhead and stops at a tower
she finally finds the children and flies
over to their ship to reunite with them again
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching